README.md, before:


<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="GitHub language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="Repository Last Commit Date" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/psatler/barbershop-mobile?color=blue">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pablosatler/">
    <img alt="Made by Pablo Satler" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20by-Pablo%20Satler-blue">
  </a>

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/psatler/barbershop-mobile?color=blue">

</p>

# Barbershop Mobile
> App created with React Native

This will consume the API created at [this repository](https://github.com/psatler/barbershop-backend).




## Dependencies

- Typescript
- ESLint
- Prettier
- Styled Components
- [React Navigation v5](https://reactnavigation.org/)
- Unform/core and Unform/mobile
- Yup (for handling errors)
- Axios
- React Native Async Storage
- [Lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) and [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for pre-commit checks
- [React Native Date Time Picker](https://github.com/react-native-community/datetimepicker) for selecting dates.
- [Date-fns](https://github.com/date-fns/date-fns): Modern JavaScript date utility library
- [React Native Image Picker](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-image-picker): A React Native module that allows you to use native UI to select media from the device library or directly from the camera.
<!-- -
- Polished
- React Spring -->



### Acknowledments

- You can run `adb reverse tcp:3333 tcp:3333` to be able to fetch the api using _localhost_. Another adjust you can do it to find your IP local address, for example,
`192.168.15.17` and replace it on the [backend](https://github.com/psatler/barbershop-backend) at the variable _APP_API_URL_ in the `.env` file, so it becomes
`http://192.168.15.17:3333`. **Remember**: you got to be using the same network to perform requests on localhost.
- If you're using an Android emulator, for example, you might need to run `adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081` before performing requests to the IP address you set above.

###### Using Flipper for debugging

With Flipper, we can view the React tree with _React DevTools_ and also check the network requests the app makes.

You can download flipper from [https://fbflipper.com/](https://fbflipper.com/). On Ubuntu, for example, a `.zip` file will be downloaded. After that, you can open the application by running it, like showed [here](https://github.com/facebook/flipper/issues/1058#issuecomment-620043782).

```
cd ~/Downloads/flipper
./flipper
```
You can find more info about it at the [setup page](https://fbflipper.com/docs/getting-started/react-native) in their documentation.

You can install plugins, for example, for `async storage`, `redux`, etc, by going to _manage plugins_  at the bottom left, and then, going to _install plugins_, like shown below:

<!-- <p align="center" style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-around;"> -->
<p align="center" style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-around;">
    <img alt="Flipper" src=".github-assets/flipper-install-plugins.png" width="660px" />
</p>

Commit message:

test: install react-native-testing-library to perform tests on the app

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="GitHub language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/psatler/barbershop-mobile.svg">

  <img alt="Repository Last Commit Date" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/psatler/barbershop-mobile?color=blue">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pablosatler/">
    <img alt="Made by Pablo Satler" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20by-Pablo%20Satler-blue">
  </a>

  <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/psatler/barbershop-mobile?color=blue">

</p>

# Barbershop Mobile
> App created with React Native

This will consume the API created at [this repository](https://github.com/psatler/barbershop-backend).



## How to run

Clone the repo and then install the dependencies. Plug in a cellphone via USB or start a simulator to have the app installed

Below, there is an example for Android

```
yarn
npx react-native run-android

npx react-native start
```

##### Running tests

```
yarn test
```
- Running in watch mode

```
yarn test --watchAll true
```
- To generate the coverage report

```
yarn test --coverage
```

## Dependencies

- Typescript
- ESLint
- Prettier
- Styled Components
- [React Navigation v5](https://reactnavigation.org/)
- Unform/core and Unform/mobile
- Yup (for handling errors)
- Axios
- React Native Async Storage
- [Lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged) and [Husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for pre-commit checks
- [React Native Date Time Picker](https://github.com/react-native-community/datetimepicker) for selecting dates.
- [Date-fns](https://github.com/date-fns/date-fns): Modern JavaScript date utility library
- [React Native Image Picker](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-image-picker): A React Native module that allows you to use native UI to select media from the device library or directly from the camera.
- [React Native Testing Library](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-testing-library/) for tests
<!-- -
- Polished
- React Spring -->



### Acknowledments

- You can run `adb reverse tcp:3333 tcp:3333` to be able to fetch the api using _localhost_. Another adjust you can do it to find your IP local address, for example,
`192.168.15.17` and replace it on the [backend](https://github.com/psatler/barbershop-backend) at the variable _APP_API_URL_ in the `.env` file, so it becomes
`http://192.168.15.17:3333`. **Remember**: you got to be using the same network to perform requests on localhost.
- If you're using an Android emulator, for example, you might need to run `adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081` before performing requests to the IP address you set above.

###### Using Flipper for debugging

With Flipper, we can view the React tree with _React DevTools_ and also check the network requests the app makes.

You can download flipper from [https://fbflipper.com/](https://fbflipper.com/). On Ubuntu, for example, a `.zip` file will be downloaded. After that, you can open the application by running it, like showed [here](https://github.com/facebook/flipper/issues/1058#issuecomment-620043782).

```
cd ~/Downloads/flipper
./flipper
```
You can find more info about it at the [setup page](https://fbflipper.com/docs/getting-started/react-native) in their documentation.

You can install plugins, for example, for `async storage`, `redux`, etc, by going to _manage plugins_  at the bottom left, and then, going to _install plugins_, like shown below:

<!-- <p align="center" style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-around;"> -->
<p align="center" style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-around;">
    <img alt="Flipper" src=".github-assets/flipper-install-plugins.png" width="660px" />
</p>
